Week 2
Our team has chosen chatbot as our project topic. We assigned tasks, and my responsibility is to complete frontend and toxic conversation filtration.


Week 3
I installed libraries for toxic conversation filtration. I found data needed in this function from open source and cleaned the data, then finished the basic construction of the DNN model. Moreover, I have designed UI of the chatbot.

Week4
First, I met with team members and reported the lousy performance of DNN model and then decided to add embedding in the DNN model to improve the performance.  After 10h training, I found that the outcome of this improved one is better than the previous one.
Secondly, I have finished UI for the login page, chat page, student choice page.

Week5
I have added more interaction functions for our chatbot, such as add a help button and wrote help information.  Voice Input function has completed. 
And I designed student forum page, tutor forum page.

Week6
I have written some functions to connected frontend and backend server, and added some convenient operations on the chatbot interface.    Users can log in and register and can get course information through the chatbot. 

week7
I completed the UI of the student forum and connected frontend and backend. Forums can be sorted by time, vote, comment, course. Secondly. I have added search function: users can search forums by tag or title. Secondly, Upcoming, Consultation and Announcement parts has finished as well.

week 8
I have finished the Dashboard part including 'your questions', 'your answer', profile and 'setting'. Students also can choose or delete courses and upcoming now.

week9 
I have finished the students' forum and the tutors' forum. I have add delete function for tutors' forum such as delete posts, announcements, consultation timetable. 

week 10
I have added more functions for the chatbot. For example, our Chatbot will be separated as different models according to the different courses. Additionaly, based on some feedback of the UI, I have adjusted the overall design.

week 11
Firstly I have completed some contents of our report. Secondly, I have debugging web pages and fix some bugs.
